README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

refactor: migrate to Material-UI and implement theme system
- Replace Tailwind CSS with Material-UI components
- Add light/dark theme support with ThemeContext
- Create reusable components (Layout, ThemeToggle)
- Implement responsive design system
- Add new AI content generator components:
  - PromptInput with loading states
  - ResponseCard with markdown support
  - ResponseList with fade animations
- Remove unused files and dependencies
- Update TypeScript configuration
- Improve code organization and component structure

README.md, after:

# AI Content Generator

A Next.js application that uses Google's Generative AI (Gemini) to generate content based on user prompts.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `src/pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Features

- AI-powered content generation using Google's Gemini AI
- Modern, responsive UI built with Material-UI
- Markdown support for generated content
- Copy-to-clipboard functionality
- Real-time error handling and loading states

## Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory and add your Gemini API key:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
```

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn-pages-router)
- [Google Generative AI Documentation](https://ai.google.dev/docs)

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme).

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
